README.md, before:

# AXOLOTI DIY

This is an unofficial DIY EAGLE Libary for the [Axoloti Core board](http://www.axoloti.com/). It is not authorised or approved by Axoloti.

First thing is a “Axoloti Shield Footprint”.

## TODO

- [ ] Verify and optimise footprint with Johannes
- [x] Add a example project with eagle .sch and .brd files without footprint to offer more flexibilty in connecting to the board. 
- [ ] Add more AXOLOTI HARDWARE HACK Resources to the document. (pinout documentation, examples,…)

## LICENSE 
This project is Open Hardware  
All hardware and software design in this project is Creative Commons licensed by Johannes Elias Lohbihler: CC-BY-SA: Attribution / ShareAlike.  
If you use any work in this project, you should credit me, and you must republish any changes you make under the same license.  
This license does permit commercial use of these designs, but consider getting in touch before selling anything.  
This license does not include or imply any connection to the Axoloti project by Johannes Taelman.

Commit message:

changes to the readme file

README.md, after:

# AXOLOTI DIY

This is an unofficial DIY EAGLE Libary for the [Axoloti Core board](http://www.axoloti.com/). 

The Dimensions are based on the file Johannes released [here](http://community.axoloti.com/t/knob-button-pcb-shield/776/11)  in the Axoloti Forum.

## PINOUT DOCUMENTATION

![Pinout Diagram made by @HerrPaule](https://github.com/HerrPaule/Euxoloti/blob/master/AXOLOTI%20PINOUT%20OVERVIEW/axoloti-gpio-io-v2.jpg)

The Illustrator File can be found [here.](https://github.com/HerrPaule/Euxoloti/)


## LICENSE 
This project is Open Hardware  
All hardware and software design in this project is Creative Commons licensed by Johannes Elias Lohbihler: CC-BY-SA: Attribution / ShareAlike.  
If you use any work in this project, you should credit me, and you must republish any changes you make under the same license.  
This license does permit commercial use of these designs, but consider getting in touch before selling anything.  
This license does not include or imply any connection to the [Axoloti](http://www.axoloti.com) project by @JohannesTaelman.
